# 2023-06-08 Meeting nlnet

Participants: Gerben, Michiel, Theo, Jan

## Notes

- check tax for donations
- proposal on change plan
  - can add people later

- project plan
  - success criteria
  - polishing the release
  - security audit
  - if user interface: accessibility audit
  - internatilization
  - apc diversity
  - free software licensing foundation [license machine readable](https://reuse.software/)
- interesting reads
  - <https://ruben.verborgh.org/blog/2022/12/30/lets-talk-about-pods/>
  - <https://www.inkandswitch.com/local-first/>
- check LDflex
- brainstorm idea
  - not host the developers data
  - re-use
  - pod where user is located, trust
  - library for pod hosting companies
  - what the user should be able to make
    - mention possible but unsure examples
  - reach out to Noel and ask how to move soukai forward
